look we've all been there you want a
bigger TV but your partner ain't having
none of that luckily at CES 2024 CED has
the solution for the low low price of a
around A4 million us you can have
this oh I forgot I'm standing in front
of the dummy one this is the solution
ceds N1
137 in microed 4k HDR
folding TV it's a I mean just
look have I not said
enough God damn you might have made the
connection that seeing it in the kind of
down mode versus now that that wasn't
the full range of motion typically it's
around 60 to 90 seconds to go from fully
closed sculpture mode to the viewing
experience it's just that the power in
the booth here is not really set up for
this and when they were setting up it
was kind of like was having a little bit
of trouble not really the best power I
actually got confirmation the rotation
is like 90° either way it won't go 180
all the way in One Direction still cool
we got a little you know room for
improvement in the future maybe for the
$300,000 one now before you say that
this isn't that cool yes there are
folding phones and even folding laptops
now those are based on OLED a technology
we've all come to know and love this is
microled and it's quite a bit different
you see just like OLED you get the
actual proper the pixel is off black but
instead of OLED where you're laying in a
missive layer down on a substrate it's
actually individual pixels individual
LEDs that are I guess soldered together
in some form and that's one of the
reasons this TV is so freaking expensive
microed is a very new technology and it
really has not reached that affordable
price point yet and the reason for that
is it's very hard to get the LED these
close enough together that you can't see
them this is their 137 in model but they
do go as small as 103 in which is
apparently the smallest 4K micro LED
display that you can buy you've probably
heard of Samsung's the wall which is the
same technology just at a larger pixel
pitch which means the pixels are further
apart so even a huge company like
Samsung that actually makes display
panels has had a hard time getting those
pixels or LEDs close enough that you
could make a display that's high
resolution and also small I mean small
is a bit of a stretch for 103 or 137 in
but for the technology it is quite small
Samsung has shown smaller than these
microed displays they're just lower
resolution and seemingly not actually
purchasable although this is kind of one
of those things where you you call for a
quote you don't really just buy it off
the website right their current the wall
is around 6 mm pixel pitch which means 6
mm between each of the LEDs this is
around4 which is what enables them to
have this density I guess you would call
it or this size um and it is apparently
unique to them small correction here I
found out the 137 in model has a pixel
pitch of 7 mm it's the 103 that goes
down to4 mm and if you go up to the full
size which is 165 in it's .9 mm and the
reason for that is well they're all 4K
if you make the display bigger and you
don't make the pixels farther apart from
each other you're just going to have a
giant bezel and your screen's not any
bigger you have to space the pixels out
more to fill the space if you were to
keep the pixel density the same you
would have to make the resolution higher
and they do actually have 8K models
which is also the smallest size 8K
microed display apparently on the marker
right now they don't manufacture the
tiles themselves in house they have a
company that builds them for them but
they are built to their specification so
they are at least their tiles now
speaking of tiles as you probably have
noticed this is not a monolithic panel
there is a bunch of individual tiles and
if you look between the Gap you can
actually see where each of them are and
they're put together in what they call a
wing and the wings fold and unfold
together to make the full display just
look I'm going to wing this sponsor
segue in right here thanks to be quiet
for sponsoring our 2024 CES coverage if
you're shopping for your next PC or just
new components in general make sure to
check out be quiet the premium products
include PC cases power supplies Water
and Air Cooling and fans for desktop PCS
with roots in Germany they've been in
the industry for more than 20 years and
specialize in making high quality parts
that are nearly inaudible this year at
CES they're showcas casing new white PC
cases white fans and even white hard
drive cages so step into the world of
Silent Computing with be quiet at the
link down below you might be wondering
why nobody else has made a folding micro
LED TV and it's because it's not as easy
as you'd think when you assemble a micro
LED display out of tiles you actually
have to calibrate the display because
the gap between each individual tile is
never going to be quite the same and the
human eye can pick up on weird variances
like that very easily so traditionally
you take fancy camera in a very dark
room and you calibrate the brightness of
the pixels on the very edge to be
brighter than the rest of the display so
you don't see that Gap to basically make
up for it well if you add in the folding
despite the Gap apparently being less
than a millimeter there is still
variance each time you open and close it
and if you don't account for that you
will see a jarring line in between the
individual wings so they've added a
sensor in between the wings that detects
the distance on close and open
to then adjust the brightness of those
Edge pixels to make it so you don't see
it and to be honest the effect is pretty
convincing standing I mean what am I
like 6 ft away let's say in the middle I
can't make out the individual pixels and
I can't see any lines really if you go
off
AIS you can maybe start to see tiles but
you back up a little bit more and it all
just kind of Blends into one it's a
really big TV and I like that there's no
bezels that's cool naturally something
that's designed to be a showpiece like
this doesn't exactly have HDMI ports
just chilling on the back of the panel
each individual Wing is connected at
minimum with a duplex single mode fiber
so there'd be five of these running from
the controll center to the actual TV
itself there will also be two ethernet
cables one of which is used for control
and the other for The Gap sensors I also
asked if you can run ethernet and you
can but instead of five fiber cables
it's 20 5 ethernet cables which is a lot
more and kind of funny because inside of
these panels that fiber just gets
converted back to ethernet Because the
actual tiles like a standard video wall
connect each individually with ethernet
and lastly a power cable so that's five
single mode duplex fibers two ethernet
and a power cable I'm not going to
pretend to understand really like the
mechanics going on there and I imagine
they probably won't tell me but it looks
pretty
baller I see some stepper Motors in
there
behind this door that is unlocked is the
video processing setup which I'm not
allowed to show you uh they're going to
apparently give me an image of what it
looks like so here it's literally a
standard 19-in rack with their video
controller which is a standard kind of
off-the-shelf part that you would use
for a tiled video wall like this there's
a den AVR which they use for video
switching this is what you would plug
your Xbox or whatever into which is an
important note not really made for
gaming the display out there runs at a
refresh rate of 30 HZ it's fine for
movies it has HDR 10 plus but no Dolby
Vision it's just really not great for
gaming unless you game on a last gen
console on your quarter million dollar
TV also in there is a Mini PC that they
use for control you can have the whole
setup automated with cresten or other
home automation things so you don't have
to use a giant seamen control panel to
move the TV and the power stuff it's
probably a power supply of some sort um
it does draw a fair bit of power you're
looking during operation on the 137 in
at around 3 KW and then typical which is
just the display being a display is
around 900 watts and it goes up based on
size and Down based on size sounds like
a lot the Samsung wall also a lot it's
just kind of the nature of the
technology it will improve with time
cost is going to be coming way down on
these in the next 5 years they were
saying that they suspect this $250,000
one to be closer to 100,000 in about 5
years which yes is a monstrous amount of
money still but shrink it down a little
bit more maybe you'll have a micro LED
monitor on your desk one day probably
not one that folds but still now a
couple burning questions yes you can sit
on it I did ask he said that's the
number one thing people ask him it's
just kind of should you sit on A4
million doll TV sculpture thing can you
get one that goes in the ground yes it's
called the M1 they built this
specifically for the baller Penthouse
where you can't dig like 3 ft into the
concrete cuz that would be your
downstair neighbor they also make
outdoor variants which is actually where
they started those models have a bit
higher pixel pitch but also 4,000 nits
brightness this one is about 1,000 which
looks pretty bright but we're also in
kind of a covered area and that helps a
lot um if you were to put this outside
it would look super washed out I don't
know what else there is to say other
than I want one in my bedroom I'm
probably not going to get that but one
day maybe so check cced out in the
description if you have A4 million
dollars burning a in your pocket and you
want to build a crazy TV like this they
can apparently build them as big or sort
of as small as you
want oh my God it's just crazy get
subscribed so you don't miss the rest of
our CES show coverage like the video
tell me do you want this TV in your
bedroom would you get the one that goes
in the ground instead how baller are you